[style]
based_on_style = pep8
align_closing_bracket_with_visual_indent = true
allow_multiline_lambdas = false
allow_multiline_dictionary_keys = true
allow_split_before_dict_value = false
blank_line_before_nested_class_or_def = true
blank_line_before_class_docstring = false
coalesce_brackets = true
column_limit = 79
dedent_closing_brackets = true
each_dict_entry_on_separate_line = true
indent_dictionary_value = true
join_multiple_lines = false
spaces_around_power_operator = true
no_spaces_around_selected_binary_operators = false
spaces_around_default_or_named_assign = false
spaces_before_comment = 2
split_before_dict_set_generator = true
split_before_expression_after_opening_paren = true
split_before_first_argument = true
split_before_logical_operator = true
split_before_named_assigns = true
